hey everybody what's up um this video
was sent to me as a request by TiVo
cable guys he asked me if I could show a
quick way how to download a or not
download to buy something off of Amazon
he asked if I could show how to do that
so I'm gonna show this as best I can
if I can't so let's go ahead and it
started um start off you just want to go
to Amazon's web page you want to go
ahead and click over here for whatever
you want search and I'm gonna then click
what you want to search under I'm gonna
search a cylon can battle star Galactica
I am NOT on BSG fan then once you get
your results you scroll through to see
what if you find the item you want I'm
looking here this bow star Galactica
Cylon commander it's gonna go ahead and
pull it up once you get on the product
page you do see a few things here you
can add this with free two-day shipping
you just gotta get a free Amazon product
right you can in fact use add this to
your wishlist if you wanted to but what
you do need is you need to click here to
add to cart from there you will be
pulled up to this menu right here
assuming it will pull up then you'll see
two lists you have this list here which
shows all the items you would like to
buy now or you could have another list
of other items that you wish to buy
later but not at the moment
then you'll go to checkout I'm not gonna
go all the way but then you'll sign in
to your account you will you'll sign to
your account you will choose the payment
method a shipping address you can make
multiple addresses it for like if you
have like you're sending us a gift to
someone that's a perfect idea like if
you say like you want to mail someone
something to me like I can you get under
my name and my address and then you can
just mail to me
and then you can also make one for
yourself but yeah then you'll select the
payment option and if you have a coupon
or a gift card you can redeem that with
the credit card and you review the order
and then you click another button then
BAM
and then let me show you a couple of
other features that you can do let me
just go to my profile and this just give
me one quick second this could take me a
minute if I need to make this different
again please let me know I'll try to
show this in detail with me actually
making a purchase through Amazon I'll
just give my computer man it is a little
bit slower than molasses in January but
anyway um anyway another thing that you
can do kevo is that you can also use
this this is your online profile this
shows all of your purchases so means
your friends all that certain stuff that
and you can also do reviews once you
purchase an item you can run a review on
it I've done quite a few reviews this is
another feature that you can do you can
review other items in a in written
format as seen here with my review of
the tuxedo t-shirt that I have from be
wild and I can also do a video review or
as I showed you if I haven't already you
can do one of these you can make a wish
list which makes a list of items that
you want might want to save you know the
violator or just things that you like on
Amazon you just want to keep track of
and here's my wishlist I again I'm kind
of a warranty kind of guy I will be
getting back don't worry don't worry
anyway that's just a little preview for
you guys so yeah that's just a little
bit of a glimpse then what you can do is
let me just go down here my profile by
accounts
let me just have to sign in once you get
to your accounts once it pulls open you
get all the stuff you can view your
orders you can check on your payment
methods the settings of your account
your digital content and personalized
like your public profile public reviews
so our feedback lists recommendations
personalized content but the track
orders you need to go over here to view
open orders and then you just need to
sign in